# RSA_ASP
##heading3
Technology advancement, impact many aspects of our live, hence as a result we share a lot more online than before, starting from documents and messages through emails and others platforms, to banking and other monetary transaction. As these online exchanges grows with daily norms, the need for online security is rising. Cryptography provide this security, and it is a field that demands a lot of growth considering the amount of privacy needed for a safer internet. So, my senior project will be the RSA algorithm, in this project I will provide an algorithm that encrypt then decrypt an electing message using private and public keys. My plan is to provide an Algorithm that companies, or the government could implement, and used to offer a safer online environment where privacy is praise. Especially with the situation created by the Covid-19 pandemic we live even more of our life online. People are even more depending on online banking, online deliveries, transaction, working from home, and exchanging important documents. Crypto-currency, which is the use of cryptography to secure transaction, and creation of new assets, is gaining more popularity over the years, for example the price of Bit-coin, Lite-coin, and others skyrocketed in just a couple of years. Some examples of companies that use cryptography are banking companies like Bank of America, Chase, and then investment companies like Coinbase, Robinhood, and communication and media companies like Twitter, Facebook, and Gmail by Google. Even somebody looking to create a new platform that will be undertaking online exchange, or transaction could refer to this method for encryption, and decryption.

